---
title: Configuration
description: Customizing shadcn-docs-nuxt.
icon: 'lucide:settings'
---

shadcn-docs-nuxt is configured through `app.config.ts`.

```ts [app.config.ts]
export default defineAppConfig({
  shadcnDocs: {
    header: {
      xxx
    },
    aside: {
      xxx
    },
    main: {
      xxx
    },
    xxx
  },
});
```

## Fields Reference

Illustrative type declarations:

```ts
interface ILink {
  title?: string;
  icon?: string;
  to: string;
  target?: string;
}

interface INav {
  title: string;
  links?: (ILink & { description: string })[];
  to?: string;
  target?: string;
}
```

### `site`

::field-group
  ::field{name="name" type="string"}
  The site name shown on the tap title: `<page> - <site_name>`.
  ::
  ::field{name="description" type="string"}
  The site description for SEO.
  ::
  ::field{name="ogImage" type="string"}
  The path to the Open Graph image.
  ::
::

### `theme`

::field-group
  ::field{name="customizable" type="boolean" defaultValue="true"}
  Whether the theme can be customized by the user (show the customize button in the header).
  ::
  ::field{name="color" type="Color" defaultValue="zinc"}
  The default color theme. https://www.shadcn-vue.com/themes.html
  ::
  ::field{name="radius" type="string" defaultValue="0.5"}
  The default radius.
  ::
::

### `header`

::field-group
  ::field{name="title" type="string"}
  The title shown on the header next to the icon.
  ::
  ::field{name="showTitle" type="boolean" defaultValue="true"}
  Whether to show the title text on the header.
  ::
  ::field{name="darkModeToggle" type="boolean" defaultValue="true"}
  Whether to show the dark mode toggle.
  ::
  ::field{name="logo" type="{ light: string; dark: string; }" defaultValue="{ light: '/logo.svg', dark: '/logo-dark.svg' }"}
  The path to the logo image files. `light` is for the icon shown in light mode, `dark` is for the icon shown in dark mode.
  ::
  ::field{name="nav" type="INav[]" defaultValue="[]"}
  The content of the navbar in the header.
  ::
  ::field{name="links" type="ILink[]" defaultValue="[]"}
  The links on the right of the header.
  ::
::

### `aside`

::field-group
  ::field{name="useLevel" type="boolean" defaultValue="true"}
  Whether to use level-styled sidebar.
  ::
  ::field{name="collapse" type="boolean" defaultValue="false"}
  Whether to collapse all collapsible by default.
  ::
::

### `main`

::field-group
  ::field{name="breadCrumb" type="boolean" defaultValue="true"}
  Whether to show the bread crumb.
  ::
  ::field{name="showTitle" type="boolean" defaultValue="true"}
  Whether to show the title section.
  ::
  ::field{name="codeCopyToast" type="boolean" defaultValue="true"}
  Whether to show a toast on code copy.
  ::
  ::field{name="codeIcon" type="Record<string, string>"}
  The icon mapping for language / filename in the [code group](/getting-started/writing/components#code-group) header.
  ::
::

### `footer`

::field-group
  ::field{name="credits" type="string" defaultValue="''"}
  The credit text on the left side of the footer.
  ::
  ::field{name="links" type="ILink[]" defaultValue="[]"}
  The links on the right side of the footer.
  ::
::

### `toc`

::field-group
  ::field{name="enable" type="boolean" defaultValue="true"}
  Whether to turn on the toc section.
  ::
  ::field{name="title" type="string" defaultValue="'On This Page'"}
  The title for the toc section.
  ::
  ::field{name="links" type="ILink[]" defaultValue="[]"}
  The links under the toc section.
  ::
::

### `search`

::field-group
  ::field{name="enable" type="boolean" defaultValue="true"}
  Whether to turn on the search feature.
  ::
  ::field{name="inAside" type="boolean" defaultValue="false"}
  Whether to show the search bar in the sidebar.
  ::
::
